Complete update on how to install Galaxy on a Windows system (#565)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: src/admin/config/windows/index.md

</div>

Running Galaxy on Windows requires the use of [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://msdn.microsoft.com/commandline/wsl/about) on 64-bit Windows 10 or running Linux on a Virtual Machine. You can find a tutorial on using Virtual Machines to run Galaxy at [http://getgalaxy.org](http://getgalaxy.org) while the below instructions describe running Galaxy on Windows subsystem for Linux.

There is also a Virtual machine for tools development which comes preinstalled with Galaxy, Planemo and other useful tools: [http://planemo.readthedocs.org/en/latest/appliance.html#launching-the-appliance-virtualbox-ova](http://planemo.readthedocs.org/en/latest/appliance.html#launching-the-appliance-virtualbox-ova). The virtual machine is updated once per year and is suitable for tools development while the below process is more suited for running a local production server or develop the source code for Galaxy.

> To run Galaxy using the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://msdn.microsoft.com/commandline/wsl/about) you need to set up your Windows environment, nstall Galaxy in your Linux distribution, and for development you can either use a text editor such as EMACS or use a remote development plugin for an IDE as the Linux distributions on Windows does not support graphical user interfaces. Below we describe how to use Microsoft Visual Studio on Windows as your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Galaxy using the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://msdn.microsoft.com/commandline/wsl/about) you need to set up your Windows environment, install Galaxy in your Linux distribution, and for development you can either use a text editor such as EMACS or use a remote development plugin for an IDE as the Linux distributions on Windows does not support graphical user interfaces. Below we describe how to use Microsoft Visual Studio Code on Windows as your IDE.
```
